---
title: 'Week notes 11/08/2025'
date: '2025-08-11'
---

## Setting up WSL

I've recently moved to Linux for my home desktop and I'm enjoying it. My work machine is still Windows, so I'm using WSL to get a familiar experience. I've been following along with DHH's move to Linux and it inspired me to build a similar setup script for my personal preferences that conigures my home machine and the WSL environment on my work machine.

So far my WSL setup is

- Zellij as a terminal multiplexer
- ZOxide for quickly navigating
- Mise to manage my development setup
- Btop for monitoring
- Bat as a cat replacement
- Exa as an ls replacement

I'm also using the Windows Terminal with a custom theme and font. I'm using the JetBrains Mono Nerd Font, which is a great font for programming.


## Moving from Reeder to Miniflux

I've been using Reeder as my RSS reader for a while now, but it is only available on MacOS and iOS which limits the devices I can use Reeder on. I've been looking for a self-hosted alternative and I've settled on Miniflux. I've been using it for a few days now and I'm really happy with it. The move from Reeder was simple as Miniflux has an OPML import feature.


## Thinking about moving to a proper blogging system

I built this blog as a fun way to learn a few things but its now become a barrier to actually blogging. I want to publish the weeknotes on a page but it means updating the build system for blogs and a new page etc etc. A proper blogging/cms system would just remove this barrier for me.
